here we are with another episode of
exotic barbecue on BBQ dragon yep what
do you have for us today sir I got a fat
piece of crock what a crock this comes
straight from Australia it's a crocodile
crocodiles are meaner than alligators I
thought they're about the same but
apparently crocodiles are a lot meaner
anybody ever watched Crocodile Dundee
know that that is true the way to cook a
crocodile is right to a rare to
medium-rare temperature based on how a
red meat would be so you don't want to
overcook this thing you don't want to
have it all dried out and in order to
accomplish that easily on the barbecue
we did sous-vide this right up to 130
degrees so the whole thing's been cooked
to 130 didn't lose much liquid and now
we're gonna toss it onto the grill it's
cooled all right so we can actually
crisp up the outside without affecting
the interior very much or or overcooking
it since the crocodile is so so fat-free
that while we're grilling it we're gonna
be basting a little bit of butter but we
didn't put any garlic in it because we
were afraid to go it's gonna overwhelm
the very delicate taste of the crocodile
flesh so do you have here some salt and
pepper and parsley that's right
perfect very delicate soft flavors here
you go now this thing's gonna take long
at all okay I've been twisting this
grill back and forth because I don't
like all the flame ups kind of
blackening the meat instead of crisping
it and browning it so I've been trying
to be careful to move these things
around
we've been marinating and flipping and
we think they're ready today we have a
guest with us Milla and she's pretty
hungry so we think that she's going to
be the perfect person to help us enjoy
our crocodile today it is lucky that you
happen to be hungry crocodiles and we
happen to be cooking crocodile
yeah that does you piece you got looks
like a chicken thigh tender flaky does
it taste like a very delicate chicken
you're saying we're flaky yes it's more
flaky than chicken right it's like a
cross between chicken and fish and fish
I have zero complaints about this and if
I went to a barbecue where they were
grilling crocodile I would think they
were the coolest people ever all right
thanks for watching another episode of
exotic meats on BBQ dragon grilled
crocodile